AzureMonitor: Improve handling of unsupported template variable cases in URIs (#52054)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/azuremonitor/template-variables.md

| summarize avg(CounterValue) by bin(TimeGenerated, $__interval), Computer
| order by TimeGenerated asc
```

## Limitations

As of Grafana 9.0, a resource URI is constructed to identify resources using the resource picker. If a dashboard had been created prior to Grafana 9.0 then any queries utilising the prior resource picking mechanism will be migrated to resource URIs.

This presents an issue as some resource types make use of nested namespaces and resource names e.g:

> `Microsoft.Storage/tableServices` and `storageAccount/default` or `Microsoft.Sql/servers/databases` and `serverName/databaseName`. There are possible cases where template variables cannot be used as a malformed resource URI may be constructed.

Reviewer: `Microsoft.Storage/tableServices` -> `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/tableServices`

Author: Great catch 😊

### Supported cases

> 1. Standard namespaces and resource names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Standard namespaces and resource names
```

Subheadings would be more appropriate, easier to markup, and easier to anchor-link to, than ordered (or unordered) list items here.

   ```kusto
   metricDefinition = $ns
   $ns = Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines
   resourceName = $rs
   $rs = testvirtualmachine

>    ```

Reviewer 2: Remove the indentation.

> 2. Namespaces with a non-templated sub-namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Namespaces with a non-templated sub-namespace
```

```kusto
metricDefinition = $ns/tableServices
$ns = Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts
resourceName = $rs/default
$rs = storageaccount
```

> 3. Storage namespaces missing the `default` keyword.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Storage namespaces missing the `default` keyword
```

```kusto
metricDefinition = $ns/tableServices
$ns = Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts
resourceName = $rs
$rs = storageaccount
```

> 4. Namespaces with a templated sub-namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Namespaces with a templated sub-namespace
```

```kusto
metricDefinition = $ns/$sns
$ns = Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts
$sns = tableServices
resourceName = $rs
$rs = storageaccount
```

### Unsupported case

> The following case is currently unsupported. If a dashboard makes use of the below it should be migrated to one of the aforementioned supported cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a dashboard uses this unsupported case, migrate it to one of the [supported cases](#supported-cases).
```

Avoiding directional (above/below) and positional (aforementioned/following) language as much as possible.

> If a namespace or resource name template variable contains multiple segments then the resource URI will not be constructed correctly as the template variable cannot be appropriately split.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a namespace or resource name template variable contains multiple segments, Grafana will construct the resource URI incorrectly because the template variable cannot be appropriately split.
```

For example:

```kusto
metricDefinition = $ns
resourceName = $rs
$ns = 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/tableServices'
$rs = 'storageaccount/default'
```

> Would lead to an incorrect resource URI containing `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/tableServices/storageaccount/default`. However, the correct URI would have the format `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/storageaccount/tableServices/default`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This would result in an incorrect resource URI containing `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/tableServices/storageaccount/default`. However, the correct URI would have the format `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/storageaccount/tableServices/default`.
```

> Would lead to an incorrect resource URI containing `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/tableServices/storageaccount/default`. However, the correct URI would have the format `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/storageaccount/tableServices/default`.

Reviewer: I would add another line to explain how to fix it (even if above there is an example). For example, removing the last element of the $ns (or $rs) template variable and move it to a different template variable or manually add the value to the resource URI in the editor.
